Update learn-jam-faq.md - synchronous composability (#6567)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-jam-faq.md

JAM is built as a distributed computer. This means that it can run almost any task that can be
expressed as a service. The JAM chain will have almost no functionality, meaning there will be no
user transactions. All the logic, like governance, staking, etc., would live on system **services**.

> The services will typically be asynchronous with regards to each other, limiting the possibility of 
> inter-service race conditions. However, JAM is also capable of providing synchronous composability across services
> if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The services will typically be asynchronous with regards to how work packages are processed in relation to one another, limiting the possibility of inter-service race conditions. However, JAM is also capable of providing synchronous composability across services if needed.
```
